I'm your biggest fan
I
paparazzi
loosu stop
know that i'll be your paparazzi promise
a bright and i will stop until the girl
is mine baby you'll be famous chase
Papa paparazzi
we are the cloud where
my flash on its
picture of you is so magical will be so
fantastical leather and chains garage
glamorous not sure but that photo of us
they don't have a price loving you is
children
I and you know the baby I her biggest
fan
unz
Roxy and
I'll be your paparazzi I promise I'll be
kind and I won't stop until the girl is
mine baby you'll be famous chase you
down until you love
snap-snap to that chick on the radio
don't stop
we're plastic but we still have
I'll be
and I will stop into the girl is mine
baby you'll be famous chase you down
until you love me gaga paparazzi
that the first week top 26 you were the
West West West contestant I mean a vela
keepers award how do we pick you but my
man right now you got close to the top
you know it's I got goosebumps last week
you did it and tonight fantastic as well
thank you juju boy better learn from you
as well and I it's very nice laughing
you know what I have said this from the
beginning of this competition but you
are this competition you are so great
and when when when you perform you give
what you are doing the energy and the
love and the seriousness that it
deserves perfect that's what makes you a
full artists performance the attitude
you know you are very unpredictable you
know the worst thing that you have done
for me is to help finish the song